Adding custom element reference guide (#723) (#726)
dojo/framework: docs/en/custom-elements/supplemental.md

# Custom Element Events

Function based properties that are prefixed with "on" are automatically converted to events when building a widget as a custom element. This allows you to use the standard browser event listeners to handle those properties.

In addition to being added as events, event properties are also exposed as regular properties on the custom element. This allows you to assign a function callback directly, without using an event handler.

```html
<script>

>     emailSignup.__onSignUp = () => {

Reviewer: hmm there is a reason these are double underscored, these are magic properties for parent dojo widgets use and not designed ever to be used by the end user.

Author: Sounds good! I'll remove this section.

# Setting a Widget's Properties

A widget's properties are exposed from a custom element automatically as either attributes, events, or properties.

> The following EmailSignup widget contains several different property types.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following `EmailSignup` widget contains several different property types.
```

	const { title, signUpBonusDate } = properties();

	const signedUp = icache.getOrSet('signedUp', false);
	const signUp = () => {
		const { onSignUp } = properties();

		// post email address to a server
		icache.set('signedUp', true);
		onSignUp && onSignUp();
	};

	return (
		<div key="root" classes={css.root}>
			<div key="title" classes={css.title}>
				{title || 'Subscribe Now'}
			</div>
			{signedUp ? (
				<div key="confirmation" classes={css.thanks}>
					Thank you for signing up!
				</div>
			) : (
				<div key="signup" classes={css.signup}>
					{signUpBonusDate && <div>Sign up by {signUpBonusDate.toLocaleDateString()}</div>}
					<input type="text" />
					<button onclick={signUp}>Sign Up</button>
				</div>
			)}
		</div>
	);
});
```

### Attributes

`string` typed widget properties are automatically added as HTML attributes to your custom element. Continuing with the email subscription example, the title property (`{ title?: string }`) can be customized by adding a `title` attribute to the HTML.

```html
<ref-email-signup id="emailSignup" title="Subscribe to Our Newsletter"></ref-email-signup>
```

### Events

> All widget properties that start with `on` and have a function signature are exposed as events. The emitted event is the lower cased part of the property name without the "on." Listening for the onSignUp property (`{ onSignUp?: () => void }`) would look like this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Widget properties that start with `on` and have a function signature are exposed as events. The emitted event is the lower cased part of the property name without the "on." Listening for the onSignUp property (`{ onSignUp?: () => void }`) would look like this.
```

```html
<script>
    emailSignup.addEventListener('signup', () => {
        // start confetti animation 🎉
    });
</script>
```

### Properties

> All non-event widget properties are automatically created as properties on the custom element. These properties can be fully controlled by JavaScript. In the email subscription widget, both the title and signUpBonusDate properties can be set programmatically as properties.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All non-event widget properties are automatically created as properties on the custom element. These properties can be fully controlled by JavaScript. In the email subscription widget, both the `title` and `signUpBonusDate` properties can be set programmatically as properties.
```

```html
<script>
        const now = new Date();
        emailSignup.signUpBonusDate = new Date(
            now.getFullYear(),
            now.getMonth(),
            now.getDate() + 1
        );
    </script>
```

# Custom Element Slots

> Some Dojo widgets utilize child objects rather than child widgets. These child objects are supported as custom elements by using "slots." A `slot` attribute is added to a child of the custom element, and the child gets passed in as the value of the slot.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps:

```suggestion
Dojo widgets can support child objects, these children are supported as custom elements by using "slots." A `slot` attribute is added to a child of the custom element, and the child gets passed in as the value of the slot.
```

  <dojo-label slot="foo">My Label</dojo-label>
</dojo-widget>
```

## Named Child Renderers

> Widget.tsx

```tsx
export interface WidgetChildren {
	foo: () => RenderResult;
}
```

```tsx
<Widget>
	{{
		foo: () => <Label>My Label</Label>
	}}
</Widget>
```

> index.html

```html
<dojo-widget>
  <dojo-label slot="foo">My Label</dojo-label>
</dojo-widget>
```

## Named Array of Children

> Widget.tsx

```tsx
export interface WidgetChildren {
	foo: RenderResult[];
}
```

```tsx
<Widget>
	{{
		foo: [<Label>Label 1</Label>, <Label>Label 2</Label>]
	}}
</Widget>
```

## Named Array of Child Renderers

> Widget.tsx

```tsx
export interface WidgetChildren {
	foo: (() => RenderResult)[];
}
```

```tsx
<Widget>
	{{
		foo: [() => <Label>Label 1</Label>, () => <Label>Label 2</Label>]
	}}
</Widget>
```

> index.html

```html
<dojo-widget>
  <dojo-label slot="foo">Label 1</dojo-label>
  <dojo-label slot="foo">Label 2</dojo-label>
</dojo-widget>
```

## Named Child Renderers with Arguments

> Widget.tsx

```tsx
export interface WidgetChildren {
	foo: (active: boolean) => RenderResult;
}
```

```tsx
<Widget>
	{{
		foo: (active) => <Label active={active}>My Label</Label>
	}}
</Widget>
```

> > index.html

Reviewer 2: Are we going to show how to use the arguments passed to the child renderer?

Author: Oh! Good catch. meant to include that.

```html
<dojo-widget>
  <dojo-label slot="foo">Label 1</dojo-label>
  <dojo-label slot="foo">Label 2</dojo-label>
</dojo-widget>
```

# Using Themes

> A Dojo Theme can be used with a custom element by including the theme's JavaScript and CSS files.

Reviewer 2: Should be `Themes can be used with custom elements` rather than `A Dojo Theme can be used with a custom element` i think
